falling in love with conditional bicycle is the
pedal beige are betting on the
Brazil because of the space that the
cyclists are gaining many brands
joints equipment component clothing
in 2014 and that is in the top
the persie faults unite this year our
tendency in the market to actually try
fight for a single cause
all those involved within a
only very beautiful environment well organized environment
the credibility of the bicycle market
you can organize and
bikes in time to get here exposed
the 2014 line has many more models
exposed in the then we are seeing the
news really has a diversity
biggest ts that everyone's eating will have
a person seeks to increase the fair gives
that expectation of anxiety for
wait for the fair at the end of the
competitions
it is very interesting that the consumer
end right here with that province is
clear to look inside the best store
in society this final public that is
today here come from the fair plays a lot
knowing what you want
follows a very large list of products
new novelty to buy remembers all
the types tastes personal anti pockets
sites and here we can have
mental disorders rays our
colorful sympathies
the international priest more
mainly I think of the rest of the
Brazil came many people itaberaba land
pineapple with the options of products that
they do not know we will try
renew the local market more surely
more knowledge for me to move to
my clients there in pernambuco when
arrive in cuiabá if I can get through
10 percent because I learned that I saw
here is of great importance to me
It's so big that you have to
enjoy every minute
a culture of cycling means health
and happiness is having a passion for sport
left yesterday from Rio de Janeiro on arrival
at this hour of the morning 24 hours without stopping
Until now I do not go out with the car
can do with cycling even better
its reputation does not only have an effect
stimulate the exploitation of the potential
may have beneficial effects on the
production chain as a whole
I loved neighborhoods now but it's life is a
way to live
is already on the way to being something more
that the international is seeing all the
units and staff where I did not know
out of Brazil but motivate and now
think about approaching bike I
I'm going to buy equipment now.